fix(otel): separate Elasticsearch request and document retries (#16089)
elastic/elastic-agent: docs/reference/edot-collector/components/elasticsearchexporter.md

| `retry::max_retries` | `2` | Number of HTTP request retries. To turn off retries, set `retry::enabled` to `false` instead of setting `max_retries` to `0`. |
| `retry::initial_interval` | `100ms` | Initial waiting time if an HTTP request failed. |
| `retry::max_interval` | `1m` | Max waiting time if an HTTP request failed. |

> | `retry::retry_on_status` | `[429]` | Status codes that trigger request-level retries. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `retry::retry_on_status` | `[429]` | Status codes that trigger request-level retries. To avoid duplicates, it defaults to `[429]`. |
```

IIUC, I think the last sentence is still useful here.

> | `retry::retry_on_document_status` | `retry::retry_on_status` | Status codes that trigger document-level retries. If unset, uses `retry::retry_on_status`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `retry::retry_on_document_status` | `retry::retry_on_status` | Status codes that trigger retries for failed documents in a successful bulk HTTP response. If unset, uses `retry::retry_on_status`. |
```

What about this instead?
